foreign
look at that for a few oh how many how
many are we looking at
okay look so that's eight adults one two
three
four juveniles look at that shot look at
the view we've got there that's amazing
look at the little youngster
right now we've got a very expensive
camera very very close
to an elephant yeah great oh
it destroyed the camera there goes the
camera and immediately
we can switch to another one
look at that oh they're having fun
aren't they oh the car's having a great
time
[Music]
so
[Applause]
[Music]
ah
and this is what it's about with the mud
the chucking it on there is going to
evaporate the water out of the mud
what's interesting
here though is that the elephants have
very wrinkly skin
yes so the mud goes into the wrinkles
and therefore it takes longer to
evaporate and this means that the
cooling process will go on
longer than if they had smooth skin but
also that wrinkly skin
that increases the surface area and it
helps with heat loss and interestingly
the asian elephants of course don't have
the same
level of wrinkles in their skin they
don't because these guys need to cool
down a bit more
they've started to move off look can't
they can we see camera six
the remains of canvas six look at the
destruction of that we're still working
it's just a bit dirty
it's worth it i mean i'm not paying the
bill but from my point of view that shot
was sensational
[Music]
[Applause]
you